(AGDNS-3832) add instructions on how to unassign linked ip (#416)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/private-dns/connect-devices/other-options/dedicated-ip.md

1. If you want to use a dedicated IPv6 address, click *Copy*.
    ![Copy address *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/dns/private/new_dns/connect/dedicated_step7.png)
1. Copy and paste the selected dedicated address into the device configurations.

## How to unassign a dedicated IP

1. Open Dashboard.
1. Go to your device settings.
1. Go to *Plain DNS server addresses*.
1. Under *Dedicated IPv4 addresses*, click *Manage*.

> 1. In the pop-up, click *Unassign* next to the IP you want to remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the popup, click *Unassign* next to the IP you want to remove.
```
